---
layout: post
tags:
  - ian-verse
  - 小说
---

Now the earth was formless and empty, darkness was over the surface of the deep, and the Spirit of God was hovering over the waters. -- Moses

---

From that moment on

Nwon-knu doesn't use or mention this capability anymore

Nwon-knu thought everybody can do it

It's no big deal

---

"Who knows what a circle is?" Ret-sam asked

"I know, I know, a circle is a round shape" Another kid with long blue hair answered enthusiastically

"Then, can you tell me what's round"? Ret-sam followed-up

"Round is round, it's like my head" the blue hair pointed to their own head, the class break into laughters

---

Well, how to describe it, there is actually so such thing as "shape" in Ian's world

They are digital beings

In their world, everything is composed of 0s and 1s

Or I should say sequence of 0s and 1s

It's very hard to "shape" a sequence

---

"You mean, imaging in your head?" Ret-sam continued

"Ok, let's dream! Close your eyes"

"Imaging you have a long sequence of 0s, say 81 of them"

"And, all the 0s are very obedient. They stay in their queue, and properly lined up"

"Now, you divide the long line into 9 equal sections, 9 each"

"Imaging, you pivots the 9 short sequences into a two dimensional array"

"It has 9 rows, and 9 elements each, got it?"

---

The class is super quiet.

All the kids closed their eyes, and started dreaming.

For some reason, their thoughts are projected on top of their mind.

Whatever they are imagining, are floating there.

---

You can see some snake shaped sequences

You can see some uneven short lines of elements floating around

You can see mixed of 0s and 1s instead of all 0s

It's total chaos

---

But Ret-sam is waiting patiently

Until all the kids tried, maybe only 10% of them got it.

Nwon-knu is one of them.

---

"Ok, open your eyes, and look at me," Ret-sam said and closed their eyes.

A floating image coming out of Ret-sam's mind.

It's a perfect line of 81 0s, one after another

Then the 81 0s divided into 9 rows, 9 0s each

It's like this:

---

```
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
```

---

"Tell what, a circle is a 2 dimensional shape"

"So, row is one dimension, and column is another dimension"

"Now, look at it carefully, I am going to draw a dot in the middle of this two dimensional space"

1 appeared in the middle 

---

```
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_1_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_0
```

---

"As you can see, the 1 is at the center of this space, right"

"Right!" kids echoed in excitement.

They have never been able to "imagine" or "dream" of such a thing before.

It's a pure concept.

Even though their eyes can see each other, they cannot see shapes.

They can only imagine.

But they can see other one's imaginations!

---

"A circle is a shape where all 1s are in equal length to the center"
As Ret-sam imagined, the following image appeared

---

```
0_0_0_1_1_1_0_0_0
0_0_1_0_0_0_1_0_0
0_1_0_0_0_0_0_1_0
1_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_1
1_0_0_0_1_0_0_0_1
1_0_0_0_0_0_0_0_1
0_1_0_0_0_0_0_1_0
0_0_1_0_0_0_1_0_0
0_0_0_1_1_1_0_0_0
```

---

"But it's not as round as my head," The blue hair complained.

"You are right, it's not, since our resolution is too low," Ret-sam nodded.

"Resolution?" the class is lost

"Sorry, resolution is also a new concept to all yall, I mean the number of elements."

"Today, we only used 9x9. Tried to increase it to 99x99, or 999x999"

"That's the homework for today, go home and imaging the circle as round as possible by increasing the resolution"

"Tomorrow we will talk about some special characteristics of the circle, and the introduction of the sphere."

"Class dismissed" Ret-sam declared the end of the class as the school bell started the tone:

---

"me - do - re - sol

sol - re - mi - do"
