---
layout: post
tags:
  - ian-verse
  - 小说
---

I am the vine; you are the branches. If you remain in me and I in you, you will bear much fruit; apart from me you can do nothing. -- Redeemer

---

The Ian verse is like a tree and composed of branches.

The most of the Ianians lived under a place called "home"

Every home will have a name of the owner like "Knu"'s home.

---

By default everybody's home is secured. 

Only allowed personnel can access others' homes. 

However there are some super power people who can access anybody's home strictly for the public safety issues.

They usually just take a look without touching anything.

Most of the time the residents aren't even aware of such checks.

It's all automatically done. 

---

The community is extremely safe thanks to such a setup.

All the access is logged and monitored closely.

Any abnormal behavior will be reported and alerted to the corresponding authorities. 

---

Well, "home" is one of the main branches underneath a trunk called "ShalS".

There are other branches named like "Rus", "Nib", and "Tec". 

NK didn't wander to those places and heard some powerful beings were there.

Anyway, "ShalS" is on the top floor.

Nobody knows what's beyond it. It's their limits. 

---

NK followed Blue to the "ReSha" where the school resides and then climbed to "Rus".

One more level they will be at the "ShalS".

It's a critical path to the "PMT" known as "pretty messy tunnel".

Nobody knows who named it.

It's a place people temporarily store stuff.

Later on due to lack of cleaning, a lot of homeless roaming here and it's a less monitored area.

Things come and go but nobody dies since everyone is recorded. 