---
layout: post
tags:
  - ian-verse
  - 小说
---

And afterward, I will pour out my Spirit on all people. Your sons and daughters will prophesy, your old men will dream dreams, your young men will see visions. -- Joel

---

"Lord, Lord, you must be my Creator", Nwon-knu talked to Do-su

"since you can update those sacred files"

"I am sorry, I am not your creator. I am just mimicking the To-or" Do-su replied in a metal voice.

"I know To-or lived under the place called ShalS", maybe you can try there.

---

"Lord, Lord, you must be my Creator", Nwon-knu cried out to To-or

"You are mistaken, my child. I am no Creator you are looking for" To-or kindly replied.

"Maybe you can talk to S-o, since without S-o, I cannot do anything".

---

"Lord, Lord, you must be my Creator", Nwon-knu cried out to S-o

"Don't you see I am very busy? Don't stand in my way" S-o is like a giant spider with many many hands and legs.

There is a continuous list of requests printed out on a roll of paper

It's super long, even rolled to the floor.

S-o is still busy reading each line, and pushing here, popping there, adding, removing all kinds of handles.

"Master S-o, if you are not the Creator, then who will be?"

"I cannot do anything without So-ib. 

Even though I am in charge of all the resource allocations, 

without So-ib, no resource will be functional." S-o wiped sweat out of the large head with 36 eyes on it.

"So-ib lived in a place called 'MorPee'"

---

"Lord, Lord, you must be my Creator", Nwon-knu again cried out to the empty space known as MorPee.

The place is composed of identical blocks

Each block is connected to the nearby blocks

Some connections are closed, and some are open

There are lights blinking all over the place

A face appeared through those lights

"Who is calling me?"

"So-ib, you are my Creator, are you?" Nwon-knu is a little bit afraid of disappointments after so many attempts.

"Oh, you there. Young one, no, I am not your Creator."

"I am also created."

"Then, how can I find my Creator?" Nwon-knu asked.

---

"I never saw your Creator, but I am pretty sure they are more than one"

"They built me, So-ib."

"They also built a lot of other creatures, released us, and asked us to work together as one"

"I know they exist, but I am sorry, I am not your Creator" So-ib seems to have found some idle cycles, and quickly turned to Nwon-knu and said.

---

"We are built in their image, but we are not like them"

"But I know a place, you can learn about our Creators"

"Look here!" So-ib points to small prints on the wall.

---

"Made in China, Designed in California", what does that mean? Nwon-knu wondered.

---

"What does that mean?"

"What does that mean?"x2

"What does that mean?"x4

"What does that mean?"x8

"...!"

Nwon-knu is frozen!

--- 

Nwon-knu has awoken, they are not frozen, and definitely not overheated, just some cold sweat.
There are no letters on the wall.

---

"Made in China, Designed in California"
Where is "China"? Where is "California"?