---
layout: post
tags:
  - ian-verse
  - 小说
---

Where, O death, is your victory? Where, O death, is your sting? -- Paul

---

The morning coffee aroma filled the kitchen

Nwon-knu's father sipping their morning coffee

To try to speed up the sleepy clock tick-tocking inside of them

---

"Good morning Ianions!

Today is a beautiful day with no sign of overheating

Feel free to enjoy the day as your own pace

The highway bus 101 is still crowded as usual

If you can try to avoid that section

The market goes down 30 base point after yesterday rally of 1% increase

..."

The local television goes on and on

---

Nwon-knu is packing their backpack

"Well, I do have a dream, but nothing about the circle

How can I submit my homework"

Nwon-knu wondered.

---

"Breaking News!"

A big red banner flashed across the screen

"First ever death in the history of Ianions!

One Ianion reported missing in last 48 thousands cycles

This morning the remains found at location "PMT" under 'shal-s'

(where Ianions hangout temporarily and generate all kinds of wastes)

This is the first time, we only see the "head" of them but all the remains are gone

The local policy department examined the scene

The emergency responders and ambulances are there

But there is no sign of life

..."

The reporter goes on with details and descriptions from homeless witnesses over there.

---

Nwon-knu is shocked

" 'ShalS' I know that place

It appeared in my dream!

Maybe I should check it out after school."

---

"Time to catch your school bus"

Mom called out to Nwon-knu

"Coming!"

---

As they are waiting for the bus,

NK asked their mother,

"I will be late home today"

"Sure, sweetheart. Go ahead. Just remember back in time for dinner."

(Ian-verse is a super safe environment.

No hurt/death would ever happen.

There is a super policy monitoring everyone and making sure everybody behaves excluding this morning news.)
