---
layout: post
tags:
  - ian-verse
  - 小说
---

"Circle!" NK mumbled a little

"It's much better than the one you created at the class" NK continued

"You mean the 288x288 one" Blue snared and kept looking around, as if they sense something are observing them

"Oh, no, not that one. That's too scary, with an open eye or portal or something" NK shaked their fat large head

---

Blue turned and looked at NK, "an eye or a portal"?

"You don't remember? teacher has to interrupt you, otherwise, we don't know what will happen next" NK not looking at Blue's eyes and stare at the white mark on the ground.

"How come you know the 288x288 circle but don't know what's after..." NK questioned Blue

"I know, because I did my homework yesterday and dreamed about the 288x288 circle, but I didn't see any eye or any portal" Blue is defending themselves, and cannot believe NK don't believe them.

---

"I am sorry, uhm, I don't mean that to question you." NK feels nervous and doesn't want to hurt this new friend.
NK is not popular due to their abnormal body size.

"Shh...." just about NK to continue, Blue lowered their body and tensed up and looked at the darkness behind NK.

"What are you looking at?" NK whispered

"Shh..." Blue held NK's mouth and whispered to his ear, "listen..."

---

"tud tud tud tud" a continuous of footsteps approaching, and wandering around, but it's not one pair of footsteps, it's like 10, 100, or maybe 1000 foot steps at the same time.

"hide!" Blue signaled NK, and hid into the shadows behind the wastes.

NK looked at their long body and really didn't know what to do.

Anyway, the white circle mark looks like a nice fit to them.

NK curled up and lay down along with the white mark.

You like it or not, it's a perfect blend.

---

"tud tud tud tud" it's getting louder and louder.

A long white body with thousands of feet coming directly towards the flashing lights.

As if the lights are attracting them.

"What is that? Looks like your cousin" Blue is joking with NK who lies on the ground scared of moving.

zip zap, the being with the long white body circulates the light pole with flashing lights, and reaches to the source of the light.

As you can see the long white being swallow the light pole from the top

you can still see the light flashing through their body

but the light getting dimmer

and the long white being stopped moving

as if they are digesting it

---

And "ka-cha", the white skin of the "long white being" cracked open, and two heads working hard to try to get out

"Pew"

"Pew"

Two blue laser lights flashing through the darkness

The lights hit the body of the "long white"

And bit by bit

The body disappeared

Only two heads remains

lifeless

---

"Uncle Del!" Blue cried out a name, and running out of their hiding place

NK just raised their head, and released a long holding breath. They are glad the blue laser didn't touch their body.

From far, a blue creature rushing towards them, holding one laser device with the ending still warm in dark red.

The blue creature checked the two lifeless heads, and turned towards Blue.

"Hi little Blue, what are you doing here?"

"Uncle Del, I just want to check it out. This is my friend NK".

---

Blue shadow points to the big white circle on the ground, as NK raised their large head.

"Wow, wow, wow, if I didn't see you with Blue, I would think that's a variation of the worm." Dr. Del still holding their gun and said.

"NK is safe, they are with me," Blue explained.

"NK, this is my uncle, Dr. Del"