---
layout: post
tags:
  - ian-verse
  - 小说
---

"That's very unfortunate.

We traced down the worm to this IANions, but it's too late to save them.

We have to nuke the worm, but the worm has already consumed the full body and replicated, and we can only save the head.

But the other one escaped, and I had to chase the other one, and left it behind and planned to come back and clean it up.

I didn't realize it took so long to chase the other one until now." Dr. Del said in regret.

---

"So, be cautious, if you see something strange like this, run from it.

They can infest the host and spread.

At this moment, we only know these two cases, but there may be more out there." Dr. Del looked at Blue and warned them.

"I got it, no worries," Blue replied light heartly.

"I have the same special capability as you do." Blue also raised their hands and aimed the ground pretend shooting

"Don't underestimate it.

Why are you two here?" Dr. Del asked.

---

"NK can do a left shift," Blue told Dr. Del.

“They know about ShalS

So I bring them here

I think I found another 'chosen one' like us.

NK, please show it to Dr. Del.

Dr. Del is the best in this area."

---

"I need something to 'shift'," NK replied, and opened both their empty hands.

"Yeah, we don't want more wastes" Dr. Del replied, and looked at the two worm heads in their bag.

They picked one, and put it into NK's hand.

"Do this!"

---

NK almost jumped and throwed it away.

The head is super small, even though the worm body is really huge.

It's nothing like their big head.

It's pretty unique.

Seems like every creature will have a unique way to identify themselves.

"Ok, I will give it a try.

Shift to the Left!" NK looked at the head.

---

No surprise! Head duplicated to two.

"Pretty good!" Dr. Del picked the two heads back.

"You are indeed one of the chosen ones.

"Thank you for attracting the worm out. Like it or not, you look very similar to one of them. They may be mistaken and think it's safe to come out. That low life form, cannot distinguish much!

As a gift, let me teach a new trick."

---

Dr. Del picked the two identical heads and say "Shift to the right!"

To NK's surprise, the two heads become one.

"We don't need identical samples. We need to know how they change, so that we can find a way to track and destroy them before they spread.

---

For this trick to work, you have to have TWO identical artifacts in hand, and then say the magic words.

It's not as useful as the 'left shift'.

But at least, you complete your 'shift' spell." Dr. Del explained.

---

"Than-Thank you!" NK doesn't know what to say. They got a new friend today, a new role, and also a new magic.

"Dr. Del, maybe you can help me. I dreamed about a place close by, but I don't know why I dreamed about that." NK carefully raised their question.

"Oh?" Dr. Del exchanged a look with Blue.
Blue shrugged their shoulders and expressed they knew nothing about it.

"Tell me." Dr. Del asked NK.

---

NK shared his dream with Dr. Del and Blue.
Dr. Del asked "You dreamed about Do-su, To-or, S-o, and So-ib?"

"yeah, what's wrong?" NK replied.

"Nothing wrong, just nobody knows they actually exist, without mentioning or even calling their names." Blue jumped-in and replied.

"I didn't know you even dreamed more than ShalS and about MorPee.
MorPee is a very ancient place."

---

"Call your teacher Ret-sam tomorrow to say you will skip your classes with Blue. Just tell them Dr. Del told you so.

I may need your help to terminate these worms. I will keep an eye on them to make sure they don't spread" Dr. Del told NK and Blue.

"Blue, bring NK to my lab in the next 1000 cycles."

"Sure!" Blue is very excited.

This is way more fun than being in the class.