---
layout: post
tags:
  - ian-verse
  - 小说
---

I will give him the key to the house of David—the highest position in the royal court.
When he opens doors, no one will be able to close them; when he closes doors, no one will be able to open them. --- Isaiah

---

"Nice to see you again, young one" The metal voice raised

"Where am I?" NK looked around

"You are with me" the metal voice replied, and sounds very familiar.

"I must heard about this voice before" NK try to remember

---

"Ha, you don't remember me, do you?

Not your problem

We only met once

and only in this place" metal voice continued

"I am Do-su

The first one you meet when you are looking for the creator.

Did you find the creator?"

---

"Do-su! I am sorry.

I remember you now.

Yeah, I go all the way down to MorPee

and met So-ib.

So-ib told me that

there are many creators

and also showed me a hint of how to find them" NK shaked their large head and replied

---

"What's the hint? Maybe I can help you." Du-so replied

"Made in China, Designed in California.

Do you know where they are?" NK asked

"I don't know, but according to all the files I can access, I do know they are not here." Du-so replied.

---

NK asked Do-su, "Why are you in my dream again?"

Do-su "I really don't know either. I am actually asleep. I've had a very busy cycle recently."

"Hmm, that means somehow our dreams are connected. Well, what happened?" NK asked.

"It's just more abnormal behavior on some sacred artifacts and I need to check them.

In the past, we did have some activities, but not as often as these cycles."

Do-su continued.

There is some kind of trust built between NK and Do-su, and Do-su is willing to share their days with NK.

---

"What kind of activities?" NK asked.

"Hmm, updates. There are a lot of logs generated with unusually high frequent access to forbidden items, and also a lot of updates to the keys people used to lock their homes." Do-su tried to recall

"Have you heard of worms?

Some kind of creature seeking for resources and duplicating themselves and also being able to infect Ianians." NK thought about their adventure at "PMT" tunnel and raised their concern to Do-su.

"I am not sure.

That's out of my domain.

I only cared about permissions and securing access to sacred artifacts" Do-su replied.

---

"Hmm, actually what's your last name NK?" Do-su asked.

"Oh, my last name is Knu"

"You probably should go home and check.

I noticed your home's key was also updated recently." Do-su provided some extra info to NK.

"Isn't that normal to rotate every 30 million cycles?" NK asked.

"Yeah, but within the last 24 thousand cycles, your home key updated twice." Do-su answered without emotion.

"Hmm, that's strange!

Let me check."  NK replied.

"Before you go, I am called to give you this." Do-su hold on NK's shoulder.

"You can borrow my power once, and using my power you can execute one super command." Do-su continued.

"The spell is 'sudo!'" Do-su told NK.

"Remember, you can only use it once!"

"Let me escort you out." Do-su moved their body and opened the door.

---

NK left the room, and the door shut behind them.

NK looked back and saw "Nib".

Wow, that's one of the more secure places in this town.

NK looked at the "sudo" token marked on their body.

"An interesting spell!"

Without a hesitation, NK ran along the "ShalS" and found the entrance for "Home/" and looked for his last name "Knu".

They found the familiar red door with a big star there, and the edge is rusted.

NK pulled their private key, put into the lock.

"Beep, Access Denied!"

Impossible, I just used this morning.

NK pulled the key out and put it into the lock again.

"Beep, Access Denied!"

NK cannot believe that.

Again.

"Beep, Access Denied!

Too many failed attempts!

You are locked out for the next 1 thousand cycles.

Abnormal behavior is reported for your safety."

The lock politely replied.

---

"Mom, Dad, open the door!" NK knocked on the door.

It's silent.

NK knocked again, louder and louder.

It's still silent.

"Mom! Dad!" NK screamed