---
layout: post
tags:
  - ian-verse
  - 小说
---

What the locust swarm has left the great locusts have eaten; what the great locusts have left the young locusts have eaten; what the young locusts have left other locusts have eaten. -- Joel

---

"Good, good evening, Dr. Del"

NK reached out their hands

"Good evening to you too, NK" Dr. Del politely replied

---

Dr. Del is dressed in a blue suit.

Not only do they have the same blue hair as the Blue, but also their eyes are blue.

---

"They are indeed a part of the family" NK wondered.

"What is it?"NK asked

"Worm"Dr. Del replied

"Worm?"NK questioned

"Yeah, worm.

It's a beast that can replicate themself by consuming resources.

The energy in the light pole attracted them.

If we don't destroy them, they can wipe out the resources of the whole town.

---

Once they consume enough energy, they will be multiplied." Dr. Del continued as he is packing up the two heads.

"Another multiplication... even the worms can duplicate by consuming resources." NK wondered.

"It's very hard to keep track of those worms.

They love to hide in places like this.

Only when they feel safe and attracted to the resources then we can track them down.

---

Also, they can infest regular IANions, eat inside, and pretend to be normal IANions outside." Dr. Del finished packing and stood up.

"Once the worm matures, they will change back to the worm format, and ready to multiply.

I am super glad we caught them before they finished multiplication." Dr. Del continued.

"What about this victim then?" Blue pointed to the big circle on the floor.